Fix the docs build on read the docs (#17)
tataratat/releso: docs/source/index.rst

   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Reinforcement Learning based Shape Optimization (ReLeSO)
========================================================
|Build Status| |Documentation Status|
|PyPI| |Python| |License|

.. |Build Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/tataratat/releso/pypi_upload
   :target: https://github.com/tataratat/releso
   :alt: PyPI - Version

.. |Documentation Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/releso/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://releso.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. .. |codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/clemensfricke/ReLeSO/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
..     :target: https://codecov.io/gh/clemensfricke/ReLeSO
..     :alt: Code Coverage

.. |PyPI| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/releso
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/releso/
    :alt: PyPI

.. |Python| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/releso
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/releso/
    :alt: Python

.. |License| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/releso
    :target: https://github.com/tataratat/releso/blob/main/LICENSE
    :alt: PyPI - License

> **ReLeSO** stands for ``Reinforcement Learning based Shape Optimization`` and is a Python framework combining the spline base shape optimization approach with reinforcement learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ReLeSO** stands for ``Reinforcement Learning based Shape Optimization`` and is a Python framework combining a spline-based shape optimization approach with reinforcement learning.

```

This documentation includes the usage information and possible configuration parameters of this framework. Please see the thesis "Python Framework for Reinforcement Learning based Shape Optimization" by Clemens Fricke.  Please contact Clemens Fricke (clemens.david.fricke@tuwien.ac.at) or Daniel Wolff (wolff@cats.rwth-aachen.de) to access it.

> We also released two papers with results obtained with this framework, that also go into the theory of the application of Shape Optimization with Reinforcement Learning. The first paper is a short proceedings about the basic concept of concept of ReLeSO for an introductory example to optimzation of extrusion dies [Wolff2023]_ and the second paper is a more detailed paper about the possible optimizations steps towards better learning [Fricke2023]_. In the last paper we compare different agents and the two type RL based Shape Optimization this Framework implements, incremental and direct optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also released two papers with results obtained with this framework, that also go into the theory of the application of Shape Optimization with Reinforcement Learning. The first paper is a short proceedings about the basic concept of concept of ReLeSO for an introductory example to optimzation of extrusion dies [Wolff2023]_ and the second paper is a more detailed paper about the possible optimization steps towards better learning [Fricke2023]_. In the last paper we compare different agents and the two types of RL-based shape optimization that this framework implements, namely incremental and direct optimization.

```
